c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.exe
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.deps.json
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.pdb
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.fsproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.AssemblyInfo.fs
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.fsproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practica.727668F8.Up2Date
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Practical 5.dll
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.pdb
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\Practical 5.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Akhona\OneDrive\Documents\Functional Programming\Practical 5\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Practical 5.dll
